[th2-2334] prepare test build (#62)
th2-net/th2-conn: README.md

    version: 3.2.0.0
    core_version: 3.2.0
    ```
4. Create you own image based on the current one and put all the files in the correct places in the base image:
    + Create the following directory - **${workspace}/plugins/th2_service**.
    _**${workspace}**_ - it is a folder from the "Connect" configuration.

>     If you use the _plugin_alias_ and _name_ different from _th2_service_ in the VERSION file correct the _th2_service_ folder name according to the value that you are useing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you use the _plugin_alias_ and _name_ different from _th2_service_ in the VERSION file correct the _th2_service_ folder name according to the value that you are using.
```

## Release notes

### 3.9.0

> + Embedded sailfish service based on MINA decodes message as sender during send.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Embedded sailfish service based on MINA decodes the message as sender during sending.
```

>   This approach is important for protocols where pair of messages have the same protocol message type and different structures depending on direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This approach is important for protocols in which a pair of messages have the same protocol message type and different structures depending on the direction.
```
